src/README.md, before:

# Component: `sqs-queue`

This component is responsible for creating an SQS queue.

## Usage

**Stack Level**: Regional

Here's an example snippet for how to use this component.

```yaml
components:
  terraform:
    sqs-queue/defaults:
      vars:
        enabled: true
        # org defaults

    sqs-queue:
      metadata:
        component: sqs-queue
        inherits:
          - sqs-queue/defaults
      vars:
        name: sqs
        visibility_timeout_seconds: 30
        message_retention_seconds: 86400 # 1 day
        delay_seconds: 0
        max_message_size_bytes: 262144
        receive_wait_time_seconds: 0
        fifo_queue: false
        content_based_deduplication: false
        dlq_enabled: true
        dlq_name_suffix: "dead-letter" # default is dlq
        dlq_max_receive_count: 1
        dlq_kms_data_key_reuse_period_seconds: 86400 # 1 day
        kms_data_key_reuse_period_seconds: 86400 # 1 day
        sqs_managed_sse_enabled: true # SSE vs KMS
        iam_policy_limit_to_current_account: true # default true
        iam_policy:
          - version: 2012-10-17
            policy_id: Allow-S3-Event-Notifications
            statements:
              - sid: Allow-S3-Event-Notifications
                effect: Allow
                principals:
                  - type: Service
                    identifiers: ["s3.amazonaws.com"]
                actions:
                  - SQS:SendMessage
                resources: [] # auto includes this queue's ARN
                conditions:
                  ## this is included when `iam_policy_limit_to_current_account` is true
                  #- test: StringEquals
                  #  variable: aws:SourceAccount
                  #  value: "1234567890"
                  - test: ArnLike
                    variable: aws:SourceArn
                    values:
                      - "arn:aws:s3:::*"
```

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 4.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_iam_roles"></a> [iam\_roles](#module\_iam\_roles) | ../account-map/modules/iam-roles | n/a |
| <a name="module_queue_policy"></a> [queue\_policy](#module\_queue\_policy) | cloudposse/iam-policy/aws | 2.0.1 |
| <a name="module_sqs"></a> [sqs](#module\_sqs) | terraform-aws-modules/sqs/aws | 4.2.0 |
| <a name="module_this"></a> [this](#module\_this) | cloudposse/label/null | 0.25.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_sqs_queue_policy.sqs_queue_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/sqs_queue_policy) | resource |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_additional_tag_map"></a> [additional\_tag\_map](#input\_additional\_tag\_map) | Additional key-value pairs to add to each map in `tags_as_list_of_maps`. Not added to `tags` or `id`.<br>This is for some rare cases where resources want additional configuration of tags<br>and therefore take a list of maps with tag key, value, and additional configuration. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_attributes"></a> [attributes](#input\_attributes) | ID element. Additional attributes (e.g. `workers` or `cluster`) to add to `id`,<br>in the order they appear in the list. New attributes are appended to the<br>end of the list. The elements of the list are joined by the `delimiter`<br>and treated as a single ID element. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_content_based_deduplication"></a> [content\_based\_deduplication](#input\_content\_based\_deduplication) | Enables content-based deduplication for FIFO queues. For more information, see the [related documentation](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/FIFO-queues.html#FIFO-queues-exactly-once-processing) | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_context"></a> [context](#input\_context) | Single object for setting entire context at once.<br>See description of individual variables for details.<br>Leave string and numeric variables as `null` to use default value.<br>Individual variable settings (non-null) override settings in context object,<br>except for attributes, tags, and additional\_tag\_map, which are merged. | `any` | <pre>{<br>  "additional_tag_map": {},<br>  "attributes": [],<br>  "delimiter": null,<br>  "descriptor_formats": {},<br>  "enabled": true,<br>  "environment": null,<br>  "id_length_limit": null,<br>  "label_key_case": null,<br>  "label_order": [],<br>  "label_value_case": null,<br>  "labels_as_tags": [<br>    "unset"<br>  ],<br>  "name": null,<br>  "namespace": null,<br>  "regex_replace_chars": null,<br>  "stage": null,<br>  "tags": {},<br>  "tenant": null<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_create_dlq_redrive_allow_policy"></a> [create\_dlq\_redrive\_allow\_policy](#input\_create\_dlq\_redrive\_allow\_policy) | Determines whether to create a redrive allow policy for the dead letter queue. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_deduplication_scope"></a> [deduplication\_scope](#input\_deduplication\_scope) | Specifies whether message deduplication occurs at the message group or queue level | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_delay_seconds"></a> [delay\_seconds](#input\_delay\_seconds) | The time in seconds that the delivery of all messages in the queue will be delayed. An integer from 0 to 900 (15 minutes). The default for this attribute is 0 seconds. | `number` | `0` | no |
| <a name="input_delimiter"></a> [delimiter](#input\_delimiter) | Delimiter to be used between ID elements.<br>Defaults to `-` (hyphen). Set to `""` to use no delimiter at all. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_descriptor_formats"></a> [descriptor\_formats](#input\_descriptor\_formats) | Describe additional descriptors to be output in the `descriptors` output map.<br>Map of maps. Keys are names of descriptors. Values are maps of the form<br>`{<br>   format = string<br>   labels = list(string)<br>}`<br>(Type is `any` so the map values can later be enhanced to provide additional options.)<br>`format` is a Terraform format string to be passed to the `format()` function.<br>`labels` is a list of labels, in order, to pass to `format()` function.<br>Label values will be normalized before being passed to `format()` so they will be<br>identical to how they appear in `id`.<br>Default is `{}` (`descriptors` output will be empty). | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_content_based_deduplication"></a> [dlq\_content\_based\_deduplication](#input\_dlq\_content\_based\_deduplication) | Enables content-based deduplication for FIFO queues | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_deduplication_scope"></a> [dlq\_deduplication\_scope](#input\_dlq\_deduplication\_scope) | Specifies whether message deduplication occurs at the message group or queue level | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_delay_seconds"></a> [dlq\_delay\_seconds](#input\_dlq\_delay\_seconds) | The time in seconds that the delivery of all messages in the queue will be delayed. An integer from 0 to 900 (15 minutes) | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_enabled"></a> [dlq\_enabled](#input\_dlq\_enabled) | Boolean designating whether the Dead Letter Queue should be created by this component. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_kms_data_key_reuse_period_seconds"></a> [dlq\_kms\_data\_key\_reuse\_period\_seconds](#input\_dlq\_kms\_data\_key\_reuse\_period\_seconds) | The length of time, in seconds, for which Amazon SQS can reuse a data key to encrypt or decrypt messages before calling AWS KMS again. An integer representing seconds, between 60 seconds (1 minute) and 86,400 seconds (24 hours) | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_kms_master_key_id"></a> [dlq\_kms\_master\_key\_id](#input\_dlq\_kms\_master\_key\_id) | The ID of an AWS-managed customer master key (CMK) for Amazon SQS or a custom CMK | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_max_receive_count"></a> [dlq\_max\_receive\_count](#input\_dlq\_max\_receive\_count) | The number of times a message can be unsuccessfully dequeued before being moved to the Dead Letter Queue. | `number` | `5` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_message_retention_seconds"></a> [dlq\_message\_retention\_seconds](#input\_dlq\_message\_retention\_seconds) | The number of seconds Amazon SQS retains a message. Integer representing seconds, from 60 (1 minute) to 1209600 (14 days) | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_name_suffix"></a> [dlq\_name\_suffix](#input\_dlq\_name\_suffix) | The suffix of the Dead Letter Queue. | `string` | `"dlq"` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_receive_wait_time_seconds"></a> [dlq\_receive\_wait\_time\_seconds](#input\_dlq\_receive\_wait\_time\_seconds) | The time for which a ReceiveMessage call will wait for a message to arrive (long polling) before returning. An integer from 0 to 20 (seconds) | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_redrive_allow_policy"></a> [dlq\_redrive\_allow\_policy](#input\_dlq\_redrive\_allow\_policy) | The JSON policy to set up the Dead Letter Queue redrive permission, see AWS docs. | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_sqs_managed_sse_enabled"></a> [dlq\_sqs\_managed\_sse\_enabled](#input\_dlq\_sqs\_managed\_sse\_enabled) | Boolean to enable server-side encryption (SSE) of message content with SQS-owned encryption keys | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_tags"></a> [dlq\_tags](#input\_dlq\_tags) | A mapping of additional tags to assign to the dead letter queue | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_visibility_timeout_seconds"></a> [dlq\_visibility\_timeout\_seconds](#input\_dlq\_visibility\_timeout\_seconds) | The visibility timeout for the queue. An integer from 0 to 43200 (12 hours) | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled"></a> [enabled](#input\_enabled) | Set to false to prevent the module from creating any resources | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | ID element. Usually used for region e.g. 'uw2', 'us-west-2', OR role 'prod', 'staging', 'dev', 'UAT' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_fifo_queue"></a> [fifo\_queue](#input\_fifo\_queue) | Boolean designating a FIFO queue. If not set, it defaults to false making it standard. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_fifo_throughput_limit"></a> [fifo\_throughput\_limit](#input\_fifo\_throughput\_limit) | Specifies whether the FIFO queue throughput quota applies to the entire queue or per message group. Valid values are perQueue and perMessageGroupId. This can be specified if fifo\_queue is true. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_iam_policy"></a> [iam\_policy](#input\_iam\_policy) | IAM policy as list of Terraform objects, compatible with Terraform `aws_iam_policy_document` data source<br>except that `source_policy_documents` and `override_policy_documents` are not included.<br>Use inputs `iam_source_policy_documents` and `iam_override_policy_documents` for that. | <pre>list(object({<br>    policy_id = optional(string, null)<br>    version   = optional(string, null)<br>    statements = list(object({<br>      sid           = optional(string, null)<br>      effect        = optional(string, null)<br>      actions       = optional(list(string), null)<br>      not_actions   = optional(list(string), null)<br>      resources     = optional(list(string), null)<br>      not_resources = optional(list(string), null)<br>      conditions = optional(list(object({<br>        test     = string<br>        variable = string<br>        values   = list(string)<br>      })), [])<br>      principals = optional(list(object({<br>        type        = string<br>        identifiers = list(string)<br>      })), [])<br>      not_principals = optional(list(object({<br>        type        = string<br>        identifiers = list(string)<br>      })), [])<br>    }))<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_iam_policy_limit_to_current_account"></a> [iam\_policy\_limit\_to\_current\_account](#input\_iam\_policy\_limit\_to\_current\_account) | Boolean designating whether the IAM policy should be limited to the current account. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_id_length_limit"></a> [id\_length\_limit](#input\_id\_length\_limit) | Limit `id` to this many characters (minimum 6).<br>Set to `0` for unlimited length.<br>Set to `null` for keep the existing setting, which defaults to `0`.<br>Does not affect `id_full`. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_kms_data_key_reuse_period_seconds"></a> [kms\_data\_key\_reuse\_period\_seconds](#input\_kms\_data\_key\_reuse\_period\_seconds) | The length of time, in seconds, for which Amazon SQS can reuse a data key to encrypt or decrypt messages before calling AWS KMS again. An integer representing seconds, between 60 seconds (1 minute) and 86,400 seconds (24 hours). The default is 300 (5 minutes). | `number` | `300` | no |
| <a name="input_kms_master_key_id"></a> [kms\_master\_key\_id](#input\_kms\_master\_key\_id) | The ID of an AWS-managed customer master key (CMK) for Amazon SQS or a custom CMK. For more information, see Key Terms. | `string` | `"alias/aws/sqs"` | no |
| <a name="input_label_key_case"></a> [label\_key\_case](#input\_label\_key\_case) | Controls the letter case of the `tags` keys (label names) for tags generated by this module.<br>Does not affect keys of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper`.<br>Default value: `title`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_order"></a> [label\_order](#input\_label\_order) | The order in which the labels (ID elements) appear in the `id`.<br>Defaults to ["namespace", "environment", "stage", "name", "attributes"].<br>You can omit any of the 6 labels ("tenant" is the 6th), but at least one must be present. | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_value_case"></a> [label\_value\_case](#input\_label\_value\_case) | Controls the letter case of ID elements (labels) as included in `id`,<br>set as tag values, and output by this module individually.<br>Does not affect values of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper` and `none` (no transformation).<br>Set this to `title` and set `delimiter` to `""` to yield Pascal Case IDs.<br>Default value: `lower`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_labels_as_tags"></a> [labels\_as\_tags](#input\_labels\_as\_tags) | Set of labels (ID elements) to include as tags in the `tags` output.<br>Default is to include all labels.<br>Tags with empty values will not be included in the `tags` output.<br>Set to `[]` to suppress all generated tags.<br>**Notes:**<br>  The value of the `name` tag, if included, will be the `id`, not the `name`.<br>  Unlike other `null-label` inputs, the initial setting of `labels_as_tags` cannot be<br>  changed in later chained modules. Attempts to change it will be silently ignored. | `set(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "default"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_max_message_size"></a> [max\_message\_size](#input\_max\_message\_size) | The limit of how many bytes a message can contain before Amazon SQS rejects it. An integer from 1024 bytes (1 KiB) up to 262144 bytes (256 KiB). The default for this attribute is 262144 (256 KiB). | `number` | `262144` | no |
| <a name="input_message_retention_seconds"></a> [message\_retention\_seconds](#input\_message\_retention\_seconds) | The number of seconds Amazon SQS retains a message. Integer representing seconds, from 60 (1 minute) to 1209600 (14 days). The default for this attribute is 345600 (4 days). | `number` | `345600` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | ID element. Usually the component or solution name, e.g. 'app' or 'jenkins'.<br>This is the only ID element not also included as a `tag`.<br>The "name" tag is set to the full `id` string. There is no tag with the value of the `name` input. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | ID element. Usually an abbreviation of your organization name, e.g. 'eg' or 'cp', to help ensure generated IDs are globally unique | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_receive_wait_time_seconds"></a> [receive\_wait\_time\_seconds](#input\_receive\_wait\_time\_seconds) | The time for which a ReceiveMessage call will wait for a message to arrive (long polling) before returning. An integer from 0 to 20 (seconds). The default for this attribute is 0, meaning that the call will return immediately. | `number` | `0` | no |
| <a name="input_regex_replace_chars"></a> [regex\_replace\_chars](#input\_regex\_replace\_chars) | Terraform regular expression (regex) string.<br>Characters matching the regex will be removed from the ID elements.<br>If not set, `"/[^a-zA-Z0-9-]/"` is used to remove all characters other than hyphens, letters and digits. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | AWS Region | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_sqs_managed_sse_enabled"></a> [sqs\_managed\_sse\_enabled](#input\_sqs\_managed\_sse\_enabled) | Boolean to enable server-side encryption (SSE) of message content with SQS-owned encryption keys | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_stage"></a> [stage](#input\_stage) | ID element. Usually used to indicate role, e.g. 'prod', 'staging', 'source', 'build', 'test', 'deploy', 'release' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Additional tags (e.g. `{'BusinessUnit': 'XYZ'}`).<br>Neither the tag keys nor the tag values will be modified by this module. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_tenant"></a> [tenant](#input\_tenant) | ID element \_(Rarely used, not included by default)\_. A customer identifier, indicating who this instance of a resource is for | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_visibility_timeout_seconds"></a> [visibility\_timeout\_seconds](#input\_visibility\_timeout\_seconds) | The visibility timeout for the queue. An integer from 0 to 43200 (12 hours). The default for this attribute is 30. For more information about visibility timeout, see AWS docs. | `number` | `30` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_sqs_queue"></a> [sqs\_queue](#output\_sqs\_queue) | The SQS queue. |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## References

- [cloudposse/terraform-aws-components](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-components/tree/main/modules/sqs-queue) -
  Cloud Posse's upstream component

[<img src="https://cloudposse.com/logo-300x69.svg" height="32" align="right"/>](https://cpco.io/component)

Commit message:

`sqs-queue` Update default KMS key to be null (https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-components/pull/1043)

src/README.md, after:

# Component: `sqs-queue`

This component is responsible for creating an SQS queue.

## Usage

**Stack Level**: Regional

Here's an example snippet for how to use this component.

```yaml
components:
  terraform:
    sqs-queue/defaults:
      vars:
        enabled: true
        # org defaults

    sqs-queue:
      metadata:
        component: sqs-queue
        inherits:
          - sqs-queue/defaults
      vars:
        name: sqs
        visibility_timeout_seconds: 30
        message_retention_seconds: 86400 # 1 day
        delay_seconds: 0
        max_message_size_bytes: 262144
        receive_wait_time_seconds: 0
        fifo_queue: false
        content_based_deduplication: false
        dlq_enabled: true
        dlq_name_suffix: "dead-letter" # default is dlq
        dlq_max_receive_count: 1
        dlq_kms_data_key_reuse_period_seconds: 86400 # 1 day
        kms_data_key_reuse_period_seconds: 86400 # 1 day
        # kms_master_key_id: "alias/aws/sqs" # Use KMS # default null
        sqs_managed_sse_enabled: true # SSE vs KMS (Priority goes to KMS)
        iam_policy_limit_to_current_account: true # default true
        iam_policy:
          - version: 2012-10-17
            policy_id: Allow-S3-Event-Notifications
            statements:
              - sid: Allow-S3-Event-Notifications
                effect: Allow
                principals:
                  - type: Service
                    identifiers: ["s3.amazonaws.com"]
                actions:
                  - SQS:SendMessage
                resources: [] # auto includes this queue's ARN
                conditions:
                  ## this is included when `iam_policy_limit_to_current_account` is true
                  #- test: StringEquals
                  #  variable: aws:SourceAccount
                  #  value: "1234567890"
                  - test: ArnLike
                    variable: aws:SourceArn
                    values:
                      - "arn:aws:s3:::*"
```

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 4.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_iam_roles"></a> [iam\_roles](#module\_iam\_roles) | ../account-map/modules/iam-roles | n/a |
| <a name="module_queue_policy"></a> [queue\_policy](#module\_queue\_policy) | cloudposse/iam-policy/aws | 2.0.1 |
| <a name="module_sqs"></a> [sqs](#module\_sqs) | terraform-aws-modules/sqs/aws | 4.2.0 |
| <a name="module_this"></a> [this](#module\_this) | cloudposse/label/null | 0.25.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_sqs_queue_policy.sqs_queue_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/sqs_queue_policy) | resource |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_additional_tag_map"></a> [additional\_tag\_map](#input\_additional\_tag\_map) | Additional key-value pairs to add to each map in `tags_as_list_of_maps`. Not added to `tags` or `id`.<br>This is for some rare cases where resources want additional configuration of tags<br>and therefore take a list of maps with tag key, value, and additional configuration. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_attributes"></a> [attributes](#input\_attributes) | ID element. Additional attributes (e.g. `workers` or `cluster`) to add to `id`,<br>in the order they appear in the list. New attributes are appended to the<br>end of the list. The elements of the list are joined by the `delimiter`<br>and treated as a single ID element. | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_content_based_deduplication"></a> [content\_based\_deduplication](#input\_content\_based\_deduplication) | Enables content-based deduplication for FIFO queues. For more information, see the [related documentation](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/FIFO-queues.html#FIFO-queues-exactly-once-processing) | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_context"></a> [context](#input\_context) | Single object for setting entire context at once.<br>See description of individual variables for details.<br>Leave string and numeric variables as `null` to use default value.<br>Individual variable settings (non-null) override settings in context object,<br>except for attributes, tags, and additional\_tag\_map, which are merged. | `any` | <pre>{<br>  "additional_tag_map": {},<br>  "attributes": [],<br>  "delimiter": null,<br>  "descriptor_formats": {},<br>  "enabled": true,<br>  "environment": null,<br>  "id_length_limit": null,<br>  "label_key_case": null,<br>  "label_order": [],<br>  "label_value_case": null,<br>  "labels_as_tags": [<br>    "unset"<br>  ],<br>  "name": null,<br>  "namespace": null,<br>  "regex_replace_chars": null,<br>  "stage": null,<br>  "tags": {},<br>  "tenant": null<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_create_dlq_redrive_allow_policy"></a> [create\_dlq\_redrive\_allow\_policy](#input\_create\_dlq\_redrive\_allow\_policy) | Determines whether to create a redrive allow policy for the dead letter queue. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_deduplication_scope"></a> [deduplication\_scope](#input\_deduplication\_scope) | Specifies whether message deduplication occurs at the message group or queue level | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_delay_seconds"></a> [delay\_seconds](#input\_delay\_seconds) | The time in seconds that the delivery of all messages in the queue will be delayed. An integer from 0 to 900 (15 minutes). The default for this attribute is 0 seconds. | `number` | `0` | no |
| <a name="input_delimiter"></a> [delimiter](#input\_delimiter) | Delimiter to be used between ID elements.<br>Defaults to `-` (hyphen). Set to `""` to use no delimiter at all. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_descriptor_formats"></a> [descriptor\_formats](#input\_descriptor\_formats) | Describe additional descriptors to be output in the `descriptors` output map.<br>Map of maps. Keys are names of descriptors. Values are maps of the form<br>`{<br>   format = string<br>   labels = list(string)<br>}`<br>(Type is `any` so the map values can later be enhanced to provide additional options.)<br>`format` is a Terraform format string to be passed to the `format()` function.<br>`labels` is a list of labels, in order, to pass to `format()` function.<br>Label values will be normalized before being passed to `format()` so they will be<br>identical to how they appear in `id`.<br>Default is `{}` (`descriptors` output will be empty). | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_content_based_deduplication"></a> [dlq\_content\_based\_deduplication](#input\_dlq\_content\_based\_deduplication) | Enables content-based deduplication for FIFO queues | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_deduplication_scope"></a> [dlq\_deduplication\_scope](#input\_dlq\_deduplication\_scope) | Specifies whether message deduplication occurs at the message group or queue level | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_delay_seconds"></a> [dlq\_delay\_seconds](#input\_dlq\_delay\_seconds) | The time in seconds that the delivery of all messages in the queue will be delayed. An integer from 0 to 900 (15 minutes) | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_enabled"></a> [dlq\_enabled](#input\_dlq\_enabled) | Boolean designating whether the Dead Letter Queue should be created by this component. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_kms_data_key_reuse_period_seconds"></a> [dlq\_kms\_data\_key\_reuse\_period\_seconds](#input\_dlq\_kms\_data\_key\_reuse\_period\_seconds) | The length of time, in seconds, for which Amazon SQS can reuse a data key to encrypt or decrypt messages before calling AWS KMS again. An integer representing seconds, between 60 seconds (1 minute) and 86,400 seconds (24 hours) | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_kms_master_key_id"></a> [dlq\_kms\_master\_key\_id](#input\_dlq\_kms\_master\_key\_id) | The ID of an AWS-managed customer master key (CMK) for Amazon SQS or a custom CMK | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_max_receive_count"></a> [dlq\_max\_receive\_count](#input\_dlq\_max\_receive\_count) | The number of times a message can be unsuccessfully dequeued before being moved to the Dead Letter Queue. | `number` | `5` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_message_retention_seconds"></a> [dlq\_message\_retention\_seconds](#input\_dlq\_message\_retention\_seconds) | The number of seconds Amazon SQS retains a message. Integer representing seconds, from 60 (1 minute) to 1209600 (14 days) | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_name_suffix"></a> [dlq\_name\_suffix](#input\_dlq\_name\_suffix) | The suffix of the Dead Letter Queue. | `string` | `"dlq"` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_receive_wait_time_seconds"></a> [dlq\_receive\_wait\_time\_seconds](#input\_dlq\_receive\_wait\_time\_seconds) | The time for which a ReceiveMessage call will wait for a message to arrive (long polling) before returning. An integer from 0 to 20 (seconds) | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_redrive_allow_policy"></a> [dlq\_redrive\_allow\_policy](#input\_dlq\_redrive\_allow\_policy) | The JSON policy to set up the Dead Letter Queue redrive permission, see AWS docs. | `any` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_sqs_managed_sse_enabled"></a> [dlq\_sqs\_managed\_sse\_enabled](#input\_dlq\_sqs\_managed\_sse\_enabled) | Boolean to enable server-side encryption (SSE) of message content with SQS-owned encryption keys | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_tags"></a> [dlq\_tags](#input\_dlq\_tags) | A mapping of additional tags to assign to the dead letter queue | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_dlq_visibility_timeout_seconds"></a> [dlq\_visibility\_timeout\_seconds](#input\_dlq\_visibility\_timeout\_seconds) | The visibility timeout for the queue. An integer from 0 to 43200 (12 hours) | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled"></a> [enabled](#input\_enabled) | Set to false to prevent the module from creating any resources | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | ID element. Usually used for region e.g. 'uw2', 'us-west-2', OR role 'prod', 'staging', 'dev', 'UAT' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_fifo_queue"></a> [fifo\_queue](#input\_fifo\_queue) | Boolean designating a FIFO queue. If not set, it defaults to false making it standard. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_fifo_throughput_limit"></a> [fifo\_throughput\_limit](#input\_fifo\_throughput\_limit) | Specifies whether the FIFO queue throughput quota applies to the entire queue or per message group. Valid values are perQueue and perMessageGroupId. This can be specified if fifo\_queue is true. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_iam_policy"></a> [iam\_policy](#input\_iam\_policy) | IAM policy as list of Terraform objects, compatible with Terraform `aws_iam_policy_document` data source<br>except that `source_policy_documents` and `override_policy_documents` are not included.<br>Use inputs `iam_source_policy_documents` and `iam_override_policy_documents` for that. | <pre>list(object({<br>    policy_id = optional(string, null)<br>    version   = optional(string, null)<br>    statements = list(object({<br>      sid           = optional(string, null)<br>      effect        = optional(string, null)<br>      actions       = optional(list(string), null)<br>      not_actions   = optional(list(string), null)<br>      resources     = optional(list(string), null)<br>      not_resources = optional(list(string), null)<br>      conditions = optional(list(object({<br>        test     = string<br>        variable = string<br>        values   = list(string)<br>      })), [])<br>      principals = optional(list(object({<br>        type        = string<br>        identifiers = list(string)<br>      })), [])<br>      not_principals = optional(list(object({<br>        type        = string<br>        identifiers = list(string)<br>      })), [])<br>    }))<br>  }))</pre> | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_iam_policy_limit_to_current_account"></a> [iam\_policy\_limit\_to\_current\_account](#input\_iam\_policy\_limit\_to\_current\_account) | Boolean designating whether the IAM policy should be limited to the current account. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_id_length_limit"></a> [id\_length\_limit](#input\_id\_length\_limit) | Limit `id` to this many characters (minimum 6).<br>Set to `0` for unlimited length.<br>Set to `null` for keep the existing setting, which defaults to `0`.<br>Does not affect `id_full`. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_kms_data_key_reuse_period_seconds"></a> [kms\_data\_key\_reuse\_period\_seconds](#input\_kms\_data\_key\_reuse\_period\_seconds) | The length of time, in seconds, for which Amazon SQS can reuse a data key to encrypt or decrypt messages before calling AWS KMS again. An integer representing seconds, between 60 seconds (1 minute) and 86,400 seconds (24 hours). The default is 300 (5 minutes). | `number` | `300` | no |
| <a name="input_kms_master_key_id"></a> [kms\_master\_key\_id](#input\_kms\_master\_key\_id) | The ID of an AWS-managed customer master key (CMK) for Amazon SQS or a custom CMK. For more information, see Key Terms. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_key_case"></a> [label\_key\_case](#input\_label\_key\_case) | Controls the letter case of the `tags` keys (label names) for tags generated by this module.<br>Does not affect keys of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper`.<br>Default value: `title`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_order"></a> [label\_order](#input\_label\_order) | The order in which the labels (ID elements) appear in the `id`.<br>Defaults to ["namespace", "environment", "stage", "name", "attributes"].<br>You can omit any of the 6 labels ("tenant" is the 6th), but at least one must be present. | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_value_case"></a> [label\_value\_case](#input\_label\_value\_case) | Controls the letter case of ID elements (labels) as included in `id`,<br>set as tag values, and output by this module individually.<br>Does not affect values of tags passed in via the `tags` input.<br>Possible values: `lower`, `title`, `upper` and `none` (no transformation).<br>Set this to `title` and set `delimiter` to `""` to yield Pascal Case IDs.<br>Default value: `lower`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_labels_as_tags"></a> [labels\_as\_tags](#input\_labels\_as\_tags) | Set of labels (ID elements) to include as tags in the `tags` output.<br>Default is to include all labels.<br>Tags with empty values will not be included in the `tags` output.<br>Set to `[]` to suppress all generated tags.<br>**Notes:**<br>  The value of the `name` tag, if included, will be the `id`, not the `name`.<br>  Unlike other `null-label` inputs, the initial setting of `labels_as_tags` cannot be<br>  changed in later chained modules. Attempts to change it will be silently ignored. | `set(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "default"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_max_message_size"></a> [max\_message\_size](#input\_max\_message\_size) | The limit of how many bytes a message can contain before Amazon SQS rejects it. An integer from 1024 bytes (1 KiB) up to 262144 bytes (256 KiB). The default for this attribute is 262144 (256 KiB). | `number` | `262144` | no |
| <a name="input_message_retention_seconds"></a> [message\_retention\_seconds](#input\_message\_retention\_seconds) | The number of seconds Amazon SQS retains a message. Integer representing seconds, from 60 (1 minute) to 1209600 (14 days). The default for this attribute is 345600 (4 days). | `number` | `345600` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | ID element. Usually the component or solution name, e.g. 'app' or 'jenkins'.<br>This is the only ID element not also included as a `tag`.<br>The "name" tag is set to the full `id` string. There is no tag with the value of the `name` input. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | ID element. Usually an abbreviation of your organization name, e.g. 'eg' or 'cp', to help ensure generated IDs are globally unique | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_receive_wait_time_seconds"></a> [receive\_wait\_time\_seconds](#input\_receive\_wait\_time\_seconds) | The time for which a ReceiveMessage call will wait for a message to arrive (long polling) before returning. An integer from 0 to 20 (seconds). The default for this attribute is 0, meaning that the call will return immediately. | `number` | `0` | no |
| <a name="input_regex_replace_chars"></a> [regex\_replace\_chars](#input\_regex\_replace\_chars) | Terraform regular expression (regex) string.<br>Characters matching the regex will be removed from the ID elements.<br>If not set, `"/[^a-zA-Z0-9-]/"` is used to remove all characters other than hyphens, letters and digits. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_region"></a> [region](#input\_region) | AWS Region | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_sqs_managed_sse_enabled"></a> [sqs\_managed\_sse\_enabled](#input\_sqs\_managed\_sse\_enabled) | Boolean to enable server-side encryption (SSE) of message content with SQS-owned encryption keys | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_stage"></a> [stage](#input\_stage) | ID element. Usually used to indicate role, e.g. 'prod', 'staging', 'source', 'build', 'test', 'deploy', 'release' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Additional tags (e.g. `{'BusinessUnit': 'XYZ'}`).<br>Neither the tag keys nor the tag values will be modified by this module. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_tenant"></a> [tenant](#input\_tenant) | ID element \_(Rarely used, not included by default)\_. A customer identifier, indicating who this instance of a resource is for | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_visibility_timeout_seconds"></a> [visibility\_timeout\_seconds](#input\_visibility\_timeout\_seconds) | The visibility timeout for the queue. An integer from 0 to 43200 (12 hours). The default for this attribute is 30. For more information about visibility timeout, see AWS docs. | `number` | `30` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_sqs_queue"></a> [sqs\_queue](#output\_sqs\_queue) | The SQS queue. |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## References

- [cloudposse/terraform-aws-components](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-components/tree/main/modules/sqs-queue) -
  Cloud Posse's upstream component

[<img src="https://cloudposse.com/logo-300x69.svg" height="32" align="right"/>](https://cpco.io/component)
